Document Wasm stdlib test build and execution steps (#85947)
swiftlang/swift: docs/WebAssembly.md

On macOS it's also best to avoid cross-compiling host tools from arm64 to x86 and vice versa, add this option to avoid that: `--infer-cross-compile-hosts-on-darwin=false`.

If you need to only run the tests, switch to the build directory first

```
cd build/Ninja-RelWithDebInfoAssert
```

Then run the compiler and stdlib test suite via `ninja` (assuming your host is arm64 macOS, adjust paths accordingly otherwise):

```
PATH="$(pwd)/wasmkit-macosx-arm64/bin:$(pwd)/llvm-macosx-arm64/bin:$PATH" \
  ninja check-swift-wasi-wasm32-custom check-swift-embedded-wasi -C wasmstdlib-macosx-arm64
```

Filter to a subset of tests you'd like to run with `LIT_FILTER`, i.e. only tests with `embedded` in their file path:

```
LIT_FILTER='(embedded)' PATH="$(pwd)/wasmkit-macosx-arm64/bin:$(pwd)/llvm-macosx-arm64/bin:$PATH" \
  ninja check-swift-wasi-wasm32-custom check-swift-embedded-wasi -C wasmstdlib-macosx-arm64
```

> Filter out tests you don't want to run with `LIT_FILTER_OUT`, i.e. exclude tests containing `KeyPath` with

Author: ```suggestion
Filter out tests you don't want to run with `LIT_FILTER_OUT`. Here's an example that excludes tests containing `KeyPath` in their file path:
```
